How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Not so easy with a js file as not familiar with. But it surely enable to
    identify changes without comparing line by line.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Make it possible to go back and forth between two versions of a file and
    identify changes. Also, if I considerably change the structure and content
    of the code, which do not work properly, I would have a proper previous
    version to use as replacement, instead of undoing actions and making extra
    mistakes.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: avoid having un-useful historical versions of a file
    Cons: may forgot to save an important intermediate version. Perform too
    many updates at a time

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    To be sure to have all the files up-to-date saved together. Avoid having
    outdating file saved with updated.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log will give me the list of commits with associated names and numbers
    of changes compared to previous commit
    git diff will enable me to see what changes have been implemented between
    two versions of the file / two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I know that if I considerably change the structure and content of the code,
    which do not work properly, I would have a proper previous version to use as
    replacement, instead of undoing actions and making extra mistakes.
    Always possible to restore an old version without bug.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Comparing files
